Week ending 1/26

    Accomplishment - Signed NDA for Acme Corp.   Attended first classes and reviewed class folders, announcements, and Read Me First.

    Challenge -  Smooth sailing the first week.

Week ending 2/2

    Accomplishment -  Installed and completed initial configuration of CentOS and Unbuntu Server VM's. Submitted first batch of documentation.

    Challenge - Again, no major issues.  Installations went smoothly.

Week ending 2/9

    Accomplishment -  Started working on sed, grep, and awk labs.  Verified I was able to connect to both VM's using WinSCP and Filezilla.

    Challenge -  Did not realize that I had to manipulate the text file I transferred from my laptop to my vm using awk.  Thanks to Dan for the assist.  Until the awk statement was run against the text file, certain sed statements failed to print output.

Week ending 2/16

    Accomplishment -  Submitted sed lab, and continued to work through grep, and awk.  Installed fail2ban, tmux, emacs, VI/VIM, lolcat and cowsay.

    Challenge - Figuring out that I had to change the delimeter to get my sed script to work.   Also, lolcat and cowsay were not available for CentOS 8, I had tried to install both several times before learning this.  They installed successfully on my Unbuntu VM.

Week ending 2/23

    Accomplishment -  Completed documentation for continued setup lab.  Also completed and submitted awk and grep labs.

    Challenge -  Getting the awk script to work the way I wanted.

Week ending 3/1

    Accomplishment -  Completed script prep (created groups, folders and subfolders)  added python scripts to CentOS. Added users.

    Challenge - Struggling with setting user passwords via python script.

Week ending 3/8

    Accomplishment -  Solved password script by using chpasswd against a text file.  Added users, groups, scripts to Unbuntu OS.  Uploaded all files to Github Portfolio.

    Challenge -  password script does not work in Unbuntu Server for some reason and only grabs the last user in the file. Still working.

Week ending 3/15

    Accomplishment - Uploaded all assignments thus far to my github and presented my portfolio.

    Challenge -  Survive the pandemic

First portfolio, accomplishments, documentation and presentation review in class

Week ending 3/22

    Accomplishment -  Surviving Pandemic, getting supplies at the grocery store.

    Challenge -  Not knowing how to proceed with school for the time being due to stay at home orders.  Awaiting further update from NECC.

Week ending 3/29

    Accomplishment - Checked in routinely for updates from NECC and Professors.

    Challenge -  Survive Pandemic

Week ending 4/5

    Accomplishment -  Completed Firewalls lab only to find I am a week early :(

    Challenge - Trying to stay motivated to do school work.

Week ending 4/12

    Accomplishment -  Made progress on Security labs, submitted Part 1 and all documentation to Github on 4/16, a few days late but feels good to have it done.

    Challenge -  Trying to stay motivated to do school work, a lot of distractions at home and its so close to end of term.

Week ending 4/19

    Accomplishment -  Completed most of my security/hardening labs.

    Challenge - Motivation is a struggle.

Week ending 4/26

    Accomplishment - Finished documentation for Docker.

    Challenge - Ansil, did not find the tutorial very helpful..was difficult to know which files to edit/create.

Week ending 5/3

    Accomplishment -  Finished my containers lab and completed my recording for Final Presentation.

    Challenge -  Kubernetes was a challenge, failed to install in my CentOS VM.

Final review for portfolio, documentation, accomplishments.  This is the final review for your three months at Acme Corporation.
